---
permalink: /
title: "Hongxu Chen(陈鸿绪)"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true

---

I’m a junior student from School of the Gifted Young at University of Science and Technology of China(中科大少年班学院). My major is Data Science and Big Data Technology.   
  
My research interests involve multi-modal learning, efficient fine-tuning for large models and big data algorithms. I'm currently working in the [LUNA](https://luna.bdaa.pro) team at USTC as an undergraduate student. I really enjoy Hugging Face and often publish fine-tuned models or datasets on [it](https://huggingface.co/Daxuxu36).
  
CV: [Hongxu Chen CV](https://ustcchx.github.io/hongxuchen.github.io/files/CV_HongxuChen.pdf)  
Email: hongxuchen@mail.ustc.edu.cn

Research & Project Experience
-----
### Curriculum Project 
Sep. 2021 - Present  
•  Building a dataset about Understanding-Shopping-Concepts, which includes multiple tasks generated by LLM with Large Parameters, and implementing post pre-training and SFT lora fine-tuning for the Yi-9B model to enhance the model's shopping concept understanding ability  
• Performing distributed supervised fine-tuning of ChatGLM-6B-base large language model on the Yelp dataset for the task of rating prediction.


### USTC LUNA TEAM  
May. 2023 - Present  
Advisor: Professor Qi Liu & Zhenya Huang  
•	Responsible for the [backend](https://git.iai.bdaa.pro/luna/kg-edu-backend) API changes and optimization of the educational resource analysis module of USTC LUNA AI laboratory platform. Provided a [MooCCubeX education data analysis](https://github.com/ustcchx/EduData/blob/master/docs/analysis/MOOCCubeX.ipynb) for Anhui Province Key Laboratory of Big Data Analysis and Application (BDAA).  
•	Participated in graduate thesis review project of USTC and responsible for maintaining and optimizing the state machine for document rule checking.  



Leadership & Activities
-----
### Mathematics competition tutor in Hefei No. 6 High School   
Sep. 2023 - Present  
•	Responsible for teaching Number Theory.  

  
### Member of USTC Calligraphy and Painting Club   
Sep. 2021 - Present  
•	Actively participated in club activities and often served as a volunteer.

Interests & hobbies
-----
Art is an important part of my life. My interests and hobbies are very diverse. I am skilled in calligraphy and guitar playing.



